We already achieved a lot.
There's not much missing one missing pieces that we're able to add the ingredients of a recipe to the
recipe service.
You can try this on your own.
We already got everything we need to get our shopping list service.
We got the method there to add multiple items at once.
So that should be something you can use for this.
I'll wait a couple of seconds to let you pause the video and then it will show you my approach in solving
this so.
Time to add multiple ingredients to our shopping list.
I'll do this and your recipe page team will follow here.
I got the on add ingredients Methot and well I'm not implementing as of now so let's change this and
let's implemented here in on add ingredients.
I want to access my shopping lists service so I need two injectors I'll add here to the constructor
private as.
Service would be a fitting name to inject the shopping list service here.
Make sure you also add the import here to Spaf and wiste.
With this adage you're in on add ingredients.
I would simply call shopping the service add items and then I want to pass all ingredients off the currently
loaded recipe and keep in mind ingredients year is an array of ingredients.
Following my model here.
So this is perfectly valid data to pass to this method and that's all.
This should allow me to add a new or two add my ingredients to the service before showing this.
Let's also hook up the but not here.
Let's also hook up to you on THE LEAD recipe method to your so we'll add this to in the same component
because we're on the same page though and this will use the recipe service.
So let's make sure to check this to you.
RESSA PS service of type recipes service.
Also this import needs to be added of course and with this inject it in on the lead recipe.
I can call this recipe service remove recipe and there I need the index.
Well we're already storing this here right because we're getting this as an argument when this page
is loaded so it can simply pass days to this method.
Well with this in place we should be able to both add items to the shopping list and delete recipes.
Let's see the in-action are running application all go there again.
Add a new recipe.
One you haven't seen before of course.
Very tasty it is today.
Abdus.
And let's add two ingredients.
French fries.
And of course also the meat like this.
Let's add it here and let me click the Add ingredients to shopping list button and if we now go to the
shopping list.
U.S. French fries and meat.
Of course we can take them to remove them and this is the first part working.
Now let's also delete the recipe and go back.
It's gone.
The missing piece of course is if we click delete.
It would be nice if we would be navigated back automatically because we deleted it and it would be buried
back to stay on this page because then we could still click the edit button and try to edit it a recipe
which doesn't exist anymore.
So definitely one extra thing to implement here is to call Neph controller and then the pop to root
method to get back to the root page.
And with this change in place now we can let this recompile one more time and add a new recipe.
One more time.
A very tasty Schnitzler is of course like this.
Managing reliance adds some French fries here at this recipe.
Click on it delete it and we're back.
It's gone.
We can create a new one but we can't edit the old one.
That is our core functionality finished all the pages hooked up being able to create new recipes edit
existing ones and also to manage our shopping list here.
Awesome